------------------
@build_baserom.bat
------------------

When you run this script (by double-clicking it in File Explorer) you will be given a menu in the Command Prompt with a list of build options for your hack. The build options are automated actions for each of the commonly used tools that are used when making a Super Mario World hack.

Unlike the typical use case, the build scripts specify a particular list file for each tool as to make them somewhat easier to manage. You can add or remove resources as you would under normal circumstances but you will have to run the build script to apply any changes.

> "Apply Asar Patches"

This will automatically run Asar and apply all patches listed in the "list_asar" file stored in "Asar" and apply them to your ROM. Adding or removing files from this list will not remove them from the baserom, you will have to rebuild with a clean ROM for this to take effect.

> "Insert Custom Blocks"

This will automatically run GPS and apply the list of blocks, specified in "list_gps.txt" in the GPS folder, to your ROM. 

> "Insert Custom Sprites"

This will automatically run PIXI and apply the list of sprites, specified in "list_pixi.txt" in the PIXI folder, to your ROM. 

> "Insert Custom Music"

This option will automatically run AddMusicK and insert all custom music that has been included or you add, to your ROM. There is no custom music added to the baserom out of the box.

> "Insert Custom UberASM"

This will automatically run UberASMTool and apply all uberASM specified in "list_uberasm.txt" in the UberASM folder to your ROM. 

> "Create BPS Patch"

This will create a BPS patch of your hack using Flips for ease of distributing your game.



-------------------
@backup_baserom.bat
-------------------

Like the above, when you run the this script you will be given a menu in the Command Prompt with a list of backup options for your hack:

> "Export all modified Levels to files"

This will use Lunar Magic's level export feature to save all modified levels as .mwl files to a folder in "Backup/Levels" called "latest" in addition to a time-stamped folder of levels as a sort of versioning. 

> "Export all of Map16"

This will use Lunar Magic's map16 export feature to save *all* of your hack's map16 (not sections of it) to a file in the "Backup/Map16" folder called "AllMap16_latest.map16", there will be also be a copy of that file that is time stamped in case you want to recover some older map16 changes.

> "Export Shared Palettes"

This will use Lunar Magic's map16 export feature to save a copy of the *shared* palette (not the palettes of individual levels) in the "Backup/Palettes" folder, this action is also time-stamped. This action is only really necessary if you modify the shared palettes of the ROM as individual level palettes will be saved when you export levels in the first option.

> "Create a time-stamped backup of your ROM"

Basically this just makes a copy of your hack's ROM file in the "Backups/ROM" folder with a timestamp, so you can access older versions. This backed-up file is also used by the restore script to restore data.



------------------------
@restore_from_backup.bat
------------------------

When you run this script you will be given a menu in the Command Prompt with a list of restore options for your hack:

> "Create fresh rom out of baserom patch"

This will take the prebuilt "RHR4.bps" and create a fresh ROM out of it with no additional changes. This action will ensure it doesn't overwrite any existing hack files by making a copy first.

> "Transfer Global ExAnimation, Overworld, Titlescreen and Credits from backup"

This uses some restore features in Lunar Magic to import the global ExAnimation slots (not the per-level ExAnimations as those are saved with level files), as well as any changes to Overworld, Titlescreen and Credits from a backed up romfile of your hack. This requires the backup script to have run at least one backup first.

> "Import levels from backup"

This will use a Lunar Magic feature to import the "latest" backup of your level files.

> "Import all of Map16 from backup"

This will use Lunar Magic to import "AllMap16_latest.map16" into your hack from the Map16 backup.

> "Import shared palettes from backup"

This will use Lunar Magic to import "Shared_latest.pal" into your hack from the Palettes backup.
